thanks for clicking on to other asus com
and looking ahead now to the Albert
Bartlett at novices Hurdle at the Chelle
in festival three miles the distance so
horses who definitely stay the trip
needed for this novices contest that
let's have a look at some of the key
contenders then for the Albert Bartlett
Boston Bob's in there too Willie Mullins
brindisi breeze full of cinder Russell
John Ferguson's got cotton mill entered
it be sauced a burly for no meat Gordon
Elliot's got mount been bull burn Rocky
Creek for paul nicholls and charles
burns with CF thunder favorite for the
other Bartlett is Boston Bob at three
two one man's been bull burns at five
six to 12 Rocky Creek seven to 14 c of
thunder it's eight to one and bigger the
remainder and looking back to December
we can see the top to the market in
action at last mount penn baldwin Boston
Bob on the inside Jetson a nip sister
ballet down now to the final flight and
Boston Bob rallying strongly now on the
inside as they come down towards the
final fly it's Boston Bob at the last in
the lead from Mount been Baldwin
ellipsis de ballet and under climb up
towards the finish it's Boston Bob and
Ruby Walsh God has called an opening
double in the big hurdle races for
Boston Bob was gonna score his second
victory here at navan Boston Bob from
Mount Bend Baldwin ipsa stir ballet and
yet so there was Boston ball but winning
back in December will come back to
Boston Bob very shortly but first of all
under let's have a look at the second
and third horses their mount been bull
burn in second place for Gordon Elliot
he looks as though he's a horse is going
to improve with step up to three months
yeah probably but you know you would
have to have concerns about the do a
jump right there wouldn't you certainly
you know cheltenham you're on the turn a
long way he jumped right there that may
have simply have been because he was
forced to make his own running prior to
that race he was a very hyped horse
wasn't he and massive reputation stills
got that reputation clearly the money
for him the the connections still fancy
their chances well it's what tube is for
starter killing the monks field hurdle
Gordon Elliott thinks a lot of him but
no meat things quite a lot of the third
horse as well this is it sauce de burly
and we can also see him in winning for
this was at Punchestown back in the
beginning of January and he's a horse
who
got some good form to his name but maybe
just looks to be below top class yeah
and I can't see any reason why you would
be in a hurry to back this horse to
reverse placings with Boston Bob can you
know not old given he's been beaten fair
and square by in Boston Bob's progressed
again it's hard to see why or a defer
find any reason apart for maybe a
difference in truck or a difference in
growing conditions but if anything
Boston Bob we think could improve for
the three miles around chillin let's
have a look this is maybe the most
crucial bit of form for this race Boston
Bob in winning form at the end of
January at leopardstown where is given
weight and a beating to some really good
horses he has and first of all the horse
in third place there make your mark he
would improve on better ground I would
imagine excuse me I would imagine he'll
go for the two and a half mile race the
horse in I think Kim fifth that they see
of thunder absolutely will improve for
better ground proven course and distance
for and on good ground apart from the
last fight all of course but we know
he'll travel well so I think I think
Boston Bob easily the strongest
contender for this race the horse that I
would give a chance to would be C of
thunder I think of the horses that have
been beaten by him okay so see if those
in behind Boston Bob I think Boston Bob
a massive content of for Willie Mullins
and the reputation and the vibes about
Boston Bob all very positive let's have
a look at some of the British contenders
for this week have a look at a race at
Doncaster and see rocky creek in action
here for paul nicholls and this horse
really compared to some the irish horses
quite likely racing unexposed yeah
you're always going to get better ground
at doncaster which I think log as well
for his chances of acting on the ground
at Cheltenham interesting to hear
connections say they wouldn't want the
ground too fast for this horse that
would be a concern because the race
comes on Friday historically that will
tend to be the fast aground on the
Friday so that would be a concern but it
would also be a concern for the Irish
contenders of course
and you know if this horse race has been
on the Tuesday it'd be a lot stronger on
one or two of these whereas Friday you
could have incredibly quick ground you
know Rocky Creek have a chance see a
thunder would be my number one what
about you well i think that the horse
there and he certainly suits the profile
of the race point-to-point winner second
extra the horse of beating that day has
gone on to win since but i just don't
think a beating of guellen-- bursty is
good enough to win a no top-level race
of the festival says well i have to
improve off the back of of those two
runs and he might well improve but you
know we're talking about the difference
between a selection and abet perhaps and
you know you want proven in the book for
it for a bit i would say see if thunders
form was reasonably enough to see him
finishing the first three to me Boston
Bob is the strongest contender for this
race yeah I'm completely with you Boston
Bob still I'm not saying anything yet to
make me move away from Boston Bob let's
have a look at another one of the
contenders here one of the northern
Raiders in the race for Lucinda Russell
autism beaten in three starts with last
saw him in winning form at Haydock in
the prestige McCann see him winning here
at Newcastle and the key thing for me
here with brindisi breeze Andy is the
ground all of his winning form so far
it's been on heavy ground that has been
taking fields apart from the frontal
heavy great absolutely and what the
ground was absolutely desperate last
time at Haydock and when it's that
desperate you know the 20 lengths margin
or whatever it was that can be
exaggerated by the fact that the second
third and fourth may not have quite got
home on the ground and therefore he
looks an awful lot better than it might
be he will no doubt continue to impress
when he gets soft ground his his form on
good ground he was beaten by an 80 to 1
shot wasn't they get muscle Bironas only
run on good ground now that that
probably was as much to do with a track
the tight track as the ground but
nevertheless that's his form on good
ground the 82 one shot went on to a
similar isn't finished fourth or fifth
in that race the form doesn't add up to
anything at all you'd have concerns them
and to repeat those sort of tactics
always difficult if you got to go out
from the front of chillin on the ground
you're setting it up for a closer
whereas on heavy ground rather gonna try
like hey Doc so much easier and of
course again brindisi breeze we're on
the Friday if we don't get rain on the
Friday you wouldn't you know will he run
and would you want him to be running
down the hill on fast ground it can also
type to be very safe for entry on
exciting horse to look forward to but
perhaps not for children okay so that's
brindisi breeze and you
one more to look forward to this is
Valley rock it's got some very good form
in the book here he is at Hereford but
last time out only a length behind
Fingal Bay yeah I don't know about you
but I'd be slightly dubious about the
quality of that form in terms of I'm not
sure that the finger bear that day was
the finger beer we'd seen previously i
think it was that was that the day wed
was double ross in third place its
roster Jenny's been beaten a country
mile since and handicapped company yeah
yeah I'm not convinced about that you
know but you can understand where
they're going for the race I think there
are stronger contenders yeah I'd
completely green Timbo unstable
struggling for winners of late so that's
the Albert Bartlett selections I think
we're going to agree here Boston Bob
nice and simple Boston Bob will win the
Albert Bartlett